DOCSP-36852: cleanup fy2025q1 (#525)
mongodb/docs-java: source/upgrade.txt

Overview
--------

> In this section, you can identify the changes you might be required to
> make to your application to upgrade your driver to a new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, you can identify the changes you might need to
make to your application to upgrade your driver to a new version.
```
